Create Foreword section and move content from Welcome page (#2080)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/welcome.md

:::

(use)=
## Using _The Turing Way_

_The Turing Way_ is dedicated to making collaborative, reusable and transparent research “too easy not to do”.
This means bringing together people with diverse perspectives, socio-technical skills and lived experiences to build something more significant than any individual could deliver alone.
Everything here is available for free under a [CC-BY licence](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/master/LICENSE.md).
Please use and re-use whatever you need, for any purpose.
We hope you find the content in the book helpful.

:::{panels}
:container: +full-width
:column: col-lg-6 px-2 py-2
---
:header: bg-jb-two

**[Tips for users and participants](foreword/join-us)** 💡
^^^
**Top tip for the users**: 
❎ _The Turing Way_ is not meant to be read from start to finish.
✅ Browse the different guides that you are interested in, or use the search box to find chapters on topics you would like to learn about first.

**Top tip for the participants**: We provide multiple entry points for you to start contributing based on your interest, availability or skill requirements.
Please {ref}`fw-join-us` in _The Turing Way_.

> For all processes and workflows for community participation and involvements, please see the {ref}`ch`.

Author: Integrated changes manually - thank you @jessieontherun.

---
:header: bg-jb-one

**[Who should use _The Turing Way_?](foreword/our-community)** 👋
^^^
**All stakeholders in research**, including funders, policymakers and public sectors are encouraged to use _The Turing Way_ to understand their roles and responsibility of reproducibility in data science.

> Our audience includes, but are not limited to, undergrad students, PhD researchers, postdocs, software engineers, Principle Investigators, project coordinators, community managers, data stewards, librarians, data science educators and other roles in research.

Author: Added that in the welcome page

📋 **{ref}`Participation Guidelines<ch>`** 

We value your participation and want to ensure that every contributor has an enjoyable and fulfilling experience.
* Everyone who joins _The Turing Way_ is expected to follow our {ref}`Code of Conduct<ch-coc>`.
* All contributors to this project are recognised for their work - see our {ref}`acknowledgement process<ch-acknowledgement-members>`.
* Read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how you can contribute.
:::

We value the participation of every member of our community and want to ensure that every contributor has an enjoyable and fulfilling experience.
Accordingly, everyone who participates in _The Turing Way_ project is expected to show respect and courtesy to other community members at all times.
All contributions must abide by our [code of conduct](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

(team-community)=
## _The Turing Way_ Team and Community

_The Turing Way_ is developed, maintained and driven by our wonderful {ref}`community of contributors<contributors-record-highlights>`.

> _The Turing Way_ project receives support and funding from [The Alan Turing Institute](https://www.turing.ac.uk/) and is hosted under the [Tools, Practices and Systems programme](https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-programmes/tools-practices-and-systems) led by the project lead **Kirstie Whitaker**.

Author: ```suggestion
Hosted under the [Tools, Practices and Systems Research Programme](https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-programmes/tools-practices-and-systems), _The Turing Way_ project receives support and funding from [The Alan Turing Institute](https://www.turing.ac.uk/) and is hosted under the [Tools, Practices and Systems programme](https://www.turing.ac.uk/research/research-programmes/tools-practices-and-systems) and co-led by **Drs. Kirstie Whitaker** and **Malvika Sharan**.
```
